## ICP Bootcamp - grouped by topic

Basics Adopting cloud technologies 
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Adopting%20cloud%20technologies_AWG.pptx
Basics Introduction to ICP
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Intro%20to%20ICP_AWG.pptx
Foundation Technologies Containers and Docker
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Containers%20and%20Docker_MI.pptx 
Foundation Technologies Overview of container orchestration 
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Container%20orchestration_AWG.pptx
Foundation Technologies Kubernetesbasics
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Kubernetes%20basics_AWG.p
Foundation Technologies Kubernetesresiliency
https://github.ibm.com/eduardop/chaos-monkey-playing-ping-pong/blob/master/v2/Presentation/Kubernetes-Resilience.pptx?raw=true
Foundation Technologies (Lab) Autoscaling test with Kubernetes
https://ansi.23-5.eu/2018/02/workload-container-autoscaling-kubernetes/
Foundation Technologies (Lab) Secure Kubernetes cluster with Calico
https://docs.projectcalico.org/v3.1/getting-started/kubernetes/tutorials/simple-policy
Foundation Technologies Helm basics
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Helm%20basics_AWG.pptx
Foundation Technologies Creating a Helm chart
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Creating%20Helm%20charts_AWG.pptx
Foundation Technologies (Lab) Deploy a Helm chart (NodeJS)
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Deploy-NodeJS-Helm_DJM.md
Foundation Technologies (Lab) Build a docker image and push to theprivate registry
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Private-Docker-Registry-CJH.md
Installation High level installation talk
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICPInstallationOverview-v0.1.0.pptx


Installation (Lab) Console "treasure hunt"    
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Console-Treasure-Hunt_DJM.md
Installation (Lab) Install CLI and Tools
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Install-CLI-Tools_DJM.md


Architecture Infrastructure and architecture concepts
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP%20Architecture%20-%20JMA%20-%20JOW.pptx
Architecture Performance and Sizing
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP%20Performance%20and%20Sizing%20-%20JMA.pptx
Architecture Storage
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP%20Storage%20-%20JMA.pptx
Architecture Backup and restore
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP%20Backup%20%26%20Restore%20Strategy%20-%20JMA%20-%20EP.pptx
Architecture (Lab) Persistent Storage


Introduction to ICP networking 
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP%20Network%20-%20JMA.pptx

Security
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/IBM%20Cloud%20Private%20Security_RS.pptx

(Lab) Setup IBM Cloud Private LDAP integration
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-OpenLDAP_DJM.md


Troubleshooting ICP Logging andMonitoring
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/ICP_Logging_and_Monitoring_CJH.pptx
Troubleshooting (Lab) Log monitoring 
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Logging_DJM.md
Troubleshooting (Lab) Log monitoring - advanced 
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-RestrictedLogging_DJM.md
Troubleshooting (Lab) Resource monitoring 


IBM PoV - DevOps and Cloud Application Development
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/IBM%20PoV%20-%20DevOps%20and%20Cloud%20Application%20Development_DJM.pptx
CI/CD pipelines
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/CI-CD%20in%20ICP_DJM.pptx
Cloud Automation Manager
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Cloud%20Automation%20Manager_AWG.pptx

Use existing lab from Garage. 
https://www.ibm.com/cloud/garage/tutorials/cloud-private-jenkins-pipeline
Cloud Native: Microclimate
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Microclimate_DJM.pptx
(Lab) Installing and using Microclimate
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Labs_development/Lab-Microclimate_DJM.md

API connect
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/IBM%20APIC%20Connect%20on%20ICP_RS.pptx
AppMod Middleware migration and Application Modernization
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/App%20Modernization_DJM.pptx
AppMod Migration tools: Transformation Advisor and others
https://github.ibm.com/CASE/cloud-private-bootcamp/blob/master/Units_development/Transformation%20Advisor_DJM.pptx

Cloud Native Bootcamp -> https://github.ibm.com/ibm-cloud-academy/content/blob/master/offerings/ICP_Cloud_Native_Dev.md
ICP Tech Sales Bootcamp -> https://ibm.ent.box.com/folder/37448150851
ICP Bootcamp -> https://github.ibm.com/cloud-learning/icp-bootcamp

Example lab format:  https://github.ibm.com/vandepol/TA_Demo/blob/master/GBS_Exec_Demo/README.md
